what's going on the guys crow here and
welcome for this second time today
that's right we're playing some modern
warfare 2 and I am going for a tactical
nuke will I get it well you will just
have to wait and see this game was super
frustrating and you can just see why I
mean I'm dying I die like twice in a row
you guys will see nothing was going my
way for the beginning part but yeah so
today we're going to be talking about
call duty black ops 2 perks now if you
were a if you were able to create your
own perk for call of duty black ops 2
what would it be let me know in the
comments section below because I really
want to get your eyes get you guys's
ideas out i remember i did this in world
at war and you guys had some fantastic
ideas for perk list for like a perk for
a single / go for like a perk list so if
you have a cool perk idea be sure to
leave a comment and maybe you would like
to see some other perks back in black
ops 2 so all I know let's start a call
duty black ops 2 perk discussion right
now because once the you know actual
perk list is gonna is gonna start
surfacing it is you know maybe it's
gonna break our hopes and dreams but
maybe it won't maybe it's gonna be great
so this game was super frustrating I
mean people were leaving I couldn't get
a kill I died left and right and it
wasn't a good time but I stuck to my
guns and maybe I managed to get tactical
nuke who knows who knows i'm using the
Harriers pave low and the nuke itself
initially I wanted to use the p90 then I
got pissed off and I was using the
striker then I got pissed off again and
I started using the p90 so I hope you
guys enjoyed so perks make up a huge
part of the multiplayer call of duty
wouldn't be where it's at without the
perks without the perk system it is
revolutionary I think I was the first
game to actually implement such a system
into a game that allowed us to customize
our character you know perks have an
impact on guns perks have an impact on
our health like juggernaut and stopping
power on our stealth and altogether as
far as perks and black ops 2 are
concerned it's it's really a
controversial subject because Treyarch
has been taken feedback
all throughout the years from all their
war help from call of duty 3 to all
their war two black ops and now black
ops 2 then and infinity ward kind of
feed off of each other's negative vibes
seeing what works and what doesn't work
and that's you know that's pretty good
that's pretty legit but well we see a
game with the perfect perk balance let's
go back to call of duty 4 what was out
of place a lot of people bitched about
juggernaut but they're in no position to
bitch because you know juggernaut
cancels is cancelled out by stopping
power just like stopping power is
cancelled out by jaga notes so you know
if you get killed by somebody wearing
juggernaut and you're using stopping
power it's your fault second chance last
stand and shit like that that has to go
there's no way there's no way around it
those perks have to simply get out and
it it's a huge integrity move actually
for david vonderhaar to apologize to us
call of duty fans for putting in second
chance he actually mentioned that on
twitter that he he apologizes for
putting second chance it was a huge
mistake on their part so it is a huge
integrity move so these perks have to go
as far as stopping power is concerned
you know it doesn't have to be in the
game I don't care juggernaut it doesn't
you know it I don't care I seriously
don't care so if they do decide to bring
back stopping power they have to bring
back juggernaut to count come to it
there's no way around it if they will
and also a good counter to stop in power
in its own in its own tier would be
something like ghosts let's say in Tier
one you have sleight-of-hand ghost
stopping power and you know something
else flak jacket maybe now that's that's
a set of perks that actually works
together I mean a lot of snipers if
there is you know quicker 80s which I
doubt a lot of people will not sacrifice
the faster reload for let's say I don't
know being able to run past claymores or
being undetected by UAVs so there's
there's gonna be at least competition in
that in that tier also stealth perks
have to have a direct counter now I know
sitrep is a counter to dead silence in
modern warfare 3 but call me crazy it
did encounter shit or me
maybe I have a crap you had said and I
don't think that the PX 5 is is a crop
crappy headset so there has to be um
maybe fuck takeout stealth all together
why do we need it although I wouldn't be
too angry if they left something like
you know nerfed version of ghost where
it you know the main part is to counter
just the UAV and the pro part would be
you know ghost pro to avoid counter UAV
not kill streaks altogether that that
might be a little balance I think I
touched on that in my previous
commentaries so be sure to post your
perk ideas in the comments section below
maybe the developers will pick something
up I mean the more comments we get the
better now because believe it or not the
developers and I learned at first hand
for Medal of Honor team they really go
through people's content and they do
take ideas so if we're on the same page
if all my 40,000 subscribers are on the
same page hell that's a good sign to try
out like them a lot of people wanted so
let's just follow that let's follow that
so I really want to get you guys's ideas
out there and if you enjoyed this video
of course please click the thumbs up
button I'd appreciate that very very
much I do acquire my tactical nuke I was
super happy Thank You pavelow Thank You
harriers and with just a little bit of
luck with my gun I do manage to get the
tactical nuke final score is 36 and for
from a tough frustrating beginning to a
explosive end that was corny as shit but
hey you know that's me 36 and four is
the final score hope you guys enjoyed
please answer my question the comments
section below I'll give this video
thumbs up and I will see you sexy beasts
tomorrow hopefully so goodbye